Chief Complaint : Nausea, vomiting, expedited cancer staging
Past Medical History : ONCOLOGIC HISTORY:  
1. Presented with increasing abdominal pain, bloating, and early 
 
satiety in ___.  
2. A CT scan of the abdomen/pelvis on ___ showed omental  
caking, moderate ascites, peritoneal nodularity, and a thickened 
 
right ovary. A pelvic ultrasound on ___ showed a normal  
size uterus, extensive omental caking and nodularity, a 
lobulated  
soft tissue mass (4.2 x 2.7 x 3.5 cm) in the right adnexa with  
solid cystic components, and a soft tissue mass in the left  
adnexal measuring 4 x 2.7 x 3.5 cm. CA-125 was 2043.  
3. Patient was evaluated by Gynecologic Oncology; an exploratory 
 
laparotomy, total abdominal hysterectomy, bilateral  
salpingo-oophorectomy, lymphadenectomy, and tumor debulking with 
 
potential bowel resection was scheduled. Patient re-presented on 
 
___ with worsening abdominal pain, distention, and 
inability  
to take PO. A paracentesis was subsequently performed with 2  
liters of fluid removed.  
4. On ___, patient underwent exploratory laparotomy, total  

abdominal hysterectomy, bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy, radical 
 
resection of abdominal/pelvic tumor, ileocecectomy with  
anastomosis, rectosigmoidectomy with anastomosis, cystotomy  
repair, and cystoscopy resulting in an optimal debulking.  
Intraoperatively, there was 5 liters of ascites. Peritoneal  
surfaces were studded with tumor especially in the posterior  
cul-de-sac, the pelvic sidewall, the bladder, and the paracolic  

gutters. The omentum was completely replaced by a cake of tumor. 
 
There was evidence of disease on the mesentery of the small and  

large bowel. On completion of surgery, all visible disease had  
been resected with the exception of 2-3 mm spots on the 
mesentery  
of the small bowel.  
5. Final pathology was consistent with grade 3 serous carcinoma  

involving the distal fimbria with metastasis to the omentum,  
bladder, peritoneum, posterior cul-de-sac, ovaries, uterine  
serosa, and mesentery of the appendix, cecum, distal ileum, and  

rectosigmoid. Lymphovascular invasion was present. Final  
pathologic diagnosis was stage IIIC serous fallopian tube  
carcinoma.  

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  
Serous fallopian tube carcinoma as above